my son
my son if you become surety for your friend if
if you become surety for your friend if
if you become surety for your friend if you shakin hands in pledge for a
you shakin hands in pledge for a
you shakin hands in pledge for a stranger you are snared by the words of
stranger you are snared by the words of
stranger you are snared by the words of your mouth you're taken by the words of
your mouth you're taken by the words of
your mouth you're taken by the words of your mouth so do this my son and deliver
your mouth so do this my son and deliver
your mouth so do this my son and deliver yourself for you have come into the hand
yourself for you have come into the hand
yourself for you have come into the hand of your friend go and humble yourself
of your friend go and humble yourself
of your friend go and humble yourself plead with your friend give no sleep to
plead with your friend give no sleep to
plead with your friend give no sleep to your eyes nor slumber to your eyelids
your eyes nor slumber to your eyelids
your eyes nor slumber to your eyelids deliver yourself like a gazelle from the
deliver yourself like a gazelle from the
deliver yourself like a gazelle from the hand of the hunter and like a bird from
hand of the hunter and like a bird from
hand of the hunter and like a bird from the hand of the Fowler go to the ant you
the hand of the Fowler go to the ant you
the hand of the Fowler go to the ant you sluggard consider her ways of the wise
sluggard consider her ways of the wise
sluggard consider her ways of the wise which having no captain overseer or
which having no captain overseer or
which having no captain overseer or ruler provides her supplies in the
ruler provides her supplies in the
ruler provides her supplies in the summer and gathers her food in the
summer and gathers her food in the
summer and gathers her food in the harvest how long will you slumber o
harvest how long will you slumber o
harvest how long will you slumber o sluggard when will you rise from your
sluggard when will you rise from your
sluggard when will you rise from your sleep a little sleep a little slumber a
sleep a little sleep a little slumber a
sleep a little sleep a little slumber a little folding of a hands to sleep so
little folding of a hands to sleep so
little folding of a hands to sleep so shall your poverty come on you like a
shall your poverty come on you like a
shall your poverty come on you like a prowler and your need like an armed man
a worthless person a wicked man walks
a worthless person a wicked man walks with a prefers mouth he winks with his
with a prefers mouth he winks with his
with a prefers mouth he winks with his eyes he shuffles his feet he points with
eyes he shuffles his feet he points with
eyes he shuffles his feet he points with his fingers perversity is in his heart
his fingers perversity is in his heart
his fingers perversity is in his heart he devises evil continually
he devises evil continually
he devises evil continually he shows discord therefore his calamity
he shows discord therefore his calamity
he shows discord therefore his calamity shall come suddenly suddenly he shall be
shall come suddenly suddenly he shall be
shall come suddenly suddenly he shall be broken without remedy these six things
broken without remedy these six things
broken without remedy these six things the Lord hates yes seven are an
the Lord hates yes seven are an
the Lord hates yes seven are an abomination to him a proud look a lying
abomination to him a proud look a lying
abomination to him a proud look a lying tongue hands that shed innocent blood a
tongue hands that shed innocent blood a
tongue hands that shed innocent blood a heart that devises wicked plans feet
heart that devises wicked plans feet
heart that devises wicked plans feet that are Swift in running to evil a
that are Swift in running to evil a
that are Swift in running to evil a false witness who speaks lies and one
false witness who speaks lies and one
false witness who speaks lies and one who sews discord among brethren my son
who sews discord among brethren my son
who sews discord among brethren my son keep your father's command and do not
keep your father's command and do not
keep your father's command and do not forsake the lure of your mother bind
forsake the lure of your mother bind
forsake the lure of your mother bind them continually upon your heart tie
them continually upon your heart tie
them continually upon your heart tie them around your neck when you roam they
them around your neck when you roam they
them around your neck when you roam they will lead you when you sleep they will
will lead you when you sleep they will
will lead you when you sleep they will keep you and when you awake they will
keep you and when you awake they will
keep you and when you awake they will speak with you for the commandment is a
speak with you for the commandment is a
speak with you for the commandment is a lamp and the law
lamp and the law
lamp and the law alight reproofs of instruction are the
alight reproofs of instruction are the
alight reproofs of instruction are the way of life to keep you from the evil
way of life to keep you from the evil
way of life to keep you from the evil woman from the flattering tongue of a
woman from the flattering tongue of a
woman from the flattering tongue of a seductress do not lust after her beauty
seductress do not lust after her beauty
seductress do not lust after her beauty in your heart nor let her alloy you with
in your heart nor let her alloy you with
in your heart nor let her alloy you with her eyelids for by means of a harlot a
her eyelids for by means of a harlot a
her eyelids for by means of a harlot a man is reduced to a crust of bread and
man is reduced to a crust of bread and
man is reduced to a crust of bread and an adulteress will prey upon his
an adulteress will prey upon his
an adulteress will prey upon his precious life can a man take fire to his
precious life can a man take fire to his
precious life can a man take fire to his bosom and his clothes not be burned can
bosom and his clothes not be burned can
bosom and his clothes not be burned can one walk on hot coals and his feet not
one walk on hot coals and his feet not
one walk on hot coals and his feet not be seared so is he who goes into his
be seared so is he who goes into his
be seared so is he who goes into his neighbor's wife whoever touches her
neighbor's wife whoever touches her
neighbor's wife whoever touches her shall not be innocent people do not
shall not be innocent people do not
shall not be innocent people do not despise a thief if he steals to satisfy
despise a thief if he steals to satisfy
despise a thief if he steals to satisfy himself when he is starving yet when he
himself when he is starving yet when he
himself when he is starving yet when he is found he must restore Sevenfold he
is found he must restore Sevenfold he
is found he must restore Sevenfold he may have to give up all the substance of
may have to give up all the substance of
may have to give up all the substance of his house whoever commits adultery with
his house whoever commits adultery with
his house whoever commits adultery with a woman lacks understanding he who does
a woman lacks understanding he who does
a woman lacks understanding he who does so destroys his own soul wounds and
so destroys his own soul wounds and
so destroys his own soul wounds and dishonor he will get and his reproach
dishonor he will get and his reproach
dishonor he will get and his reproach will not be wiped away for jealousy is a
will not be wiped away for jealousy is a
will not be wiped away for jealousy is a husband's fury therefore he will not
husband's fury therefore he will not
husband's fury therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance he will
spare in the day of vengeance he will
spare in the day of vengeance he will accept no recompense
accept no recompense
accept no recompense nor will he be appeased though you give
nor will he be appeased though you give
nor will he be appeased though you give many gifts
many gifts
many gifts [Music]